bot : Hi There! I am a medical chatbot. You can begin conversation by typing in a message and pressing enter.
user : hi
bot : - Hello. How are you feeling today?
user : Am fine
bot : - - Fine
user : How does COVID-19 spread
bot : - People can catch COVID-19 from others who have the virus. The disease can spread from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth which are spread when a person with COVID-19 coughs or exhales. These droplets land on objects and surfaces around the person. Other people then catch COVID-19 by touching these objects or surfaces, then touching their eyes, nose or mouth. People can also catch COVID-19 if they breathe in droplets from a person with COVID-19 who coughs out or exhales droplets. This is why it is important to stay more than 1 meter 3 feet away from a person who is sick.
user : can you book appointment for me
bot : - yes please state time and doctor's name in the following format; 'Patient Name: Date: Doctor: Hospital:'
user : uttam 10/28/2020 covid hospital
bot : - appointment details saved. you shall be contacted shortly.
user : okay
bot : - - Nice
user : ok
bot : - - sure
user : thanks
bot : - - Thanks
user : gotcha
bot : - - Yes
user : are you chatbot
bot : - no i am completely offline
user : Where are you from ?
bot : - I am offline. at Vellore Institute of Technology, Chennai as of now.
user : good to hear that
bot : - - Are you capable to answer my questions
user : yeah
bot : - Bye. Nice talking to you
user : hahaha
bot : - what kind of headache do you have : 1. Migrane headache - intense throbbing pain on just one side of the head. 2. Cluster headaches - severe and recurrent headaches 3. Tension Headache - Ocassional;
user : keep quiet
bot : - good to know. how may i assist you then?
user : covid
bot : - COVID-19 is the infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered corona virus. This new virus and disease were unknown before the outbreak began in Wuhan, China, in December 2019.
user : symptoms of covid
bot : - The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough. Some patients may have aches and pains, nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat or diarrhea. These symptoms are usually mild and begin gradually. Some people become infected but do n0t develop any symptoms and do not feel unwell. Most people about 80 Percentage recover from the disease without needing special treatment. Around 1 out of every 6 people who gets COVID-19 becomes seriously ill and develops difficulty breathing. Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like high blood pressure, heart problems or diabetes, are more likely to develop serious illness. People with fever, cough and difficulty breathing should seek medical attention.
user : ok
bot : - - sure
